Welcome back.
Now that we understand how to create massive plotless.
Let's go ahead and test new skills with an exercise and this lecture will do a quick overview of the
exercise and with the expected outputs should be.
All right.
Here we are at the heat map exercise file.
Your objective is using the flights CXXVI data set available from the data file there as flights CSP
create a heat map with the following parameters.
The X axis of the heat map should represent the year the y axis to represent the month and the z axis.
That is the color bar should represent the number of passengers who flew on that particular month of
that particular year.
So you'll do your imports you'll read in that data frame define your data variable create the layout
and then plot it out.
So the fight is we file looks something like this.
Basically it's a year 1949 all the way through late fifties then the month of that year and how many
passengers on average flew for that particular month of that particular year.
So that's in the thousands.
OK so let's go in and take a look at what the final result should look like.
OK here's what the final plot her map ends up looking like.
We can see on the X-axis we have the years on the y axis we have the months and this color bar represents
how many hundreds of thousands of passengers or how many thousands were on average traveling for that
particular month.
So we can see here that as you go further in time you get more flights and you can also see the seasonal
effect that summer has because it looks like throughout the years summer tends to be the most popular
month to travel.
OK.
If you have any questions feel free to post the Q&A forums.
And the next lecture will go over the solution.